hi guys ed leak here today I'm going to
show you quickly and simply how to
refine your Facebook audience with
Google Analytics data so when you start
advertising on Facebook one of the first
things you see is your audience profile
and gender and unfortunately this is
where a lot of people come unstuck so do
you ever stare these options and either
select the default or worse do you just
guess let me show you how using your
actual visitor data you can hone your
audience targeting to get in front of
the right people who are more likely to
buy from you let's jump into google
analytics and selecting the past three
months date range navigate your way down
to audience demographics and then age so
this is an online store this example
we'll look at the e-commerce data
immediately several things become
apparent here so driving the most
traffic or sessions are the 25 to 44
year old however the 25 to 34 segment is
not only converting more they are
spending nearly twice as much also note
whilst the younger audience of 1824
spending on average more they also
unfortunately convert quite poorly you
can dig a little deeper by clicking the
age range so let's let's have a look at
our best performing group here of 25 to
34 now this is telling so whilst women
account for eleven percent of traffic
they actually account for twenty percent
of the revenue in this range and look at
that per session value that's nice if
you weren't aware the per session value
simply a divisible some so total revenue
divided by total sessions it's for wrong
online stores in particular it's a good
indicator of sales performance you can
use it on any traffic channel or a
demographic and so on so let's take a
step back now using the comparison
visualization tool which is really handy
we use the sessions as a baseline but
now you can assess the age range is
based on conversion rate and order value
so this will highlight how above or
below the average each range is for
example hey we need to show some love to
the 55 to 64 year olds they convert the
best here you can do the same for gender
too of course so we know that women
spend more that tells me that the
there needs to be more female orientated
ads and copy to drive up those female
visitor sessions but in addition there
there needs to be more focused on the 25
to 30 year olds full stop as they
convert and spend really well and that
is it so now you know use your own data
stop guessing and improve your ad
targeting good look